Themes: add info about `dx-theme-marker` (#5064)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/60 Themes and Styles/05 Predefined Themes/60 Switch Between Themes at Runtime/2 Without Page Reload.md

You can use this approach only if the themes belong to the same group. For instance, you can switch from Generic Light to any other Generic theme, but not to a Generic Compact or Material Design theme (see [Predefined Themes](/concepts/60%20Themes%20and%20Styles/05%20Predefined%20Themes/00%20Predefined%20Themes.md '/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/')).

> 1. Include theme stylesheets on your `index.html` page as shown below. A theme with the `data-active` attribute set to `true` is applied. In the following code, it is a light theme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Include theme stylesheets on your `index.html` page as shown below. A theme with the `data-active` attribute set to `true` is applied. In the following code snippet, the light theme is used:
```

            <!-- ... -->
        </head>

    ---
    ##### Angular

>     If you want your themes to update automatically with DevExtreme package, reference them in `angular.json`. Then use the themes in `index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want your themes to update automatically with the DevExtreme package, reference them in `angular.json`, and after, use the themes in `index.html`.
```
